added attribute value to image (#19379)
mdn/content: files/en-us/games/techniques/tilemaps/square_tilemaps_implementation_colon__static_maps/index.md

Our static tilemap implementation demo pulls the above code together to show what an implementation of this map looks like. You can see a [live demo](https://mozdevs.github.io/gamedev-js-tiles/square/no-scroll.html) and grab the [full source code](https://github.com/mozdevs/gamedev-js-tiles).

> [![a static aerial view of a tile of field with tress,grass and ground](no-scroll.png)](https://mozdevs.github.io/gamedev-js-tiles/square/no-scroll.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Aerial view of a field with trees, grass, and ground made from repeated sections of the tilemap.](no-scroll.png)](https://mozdevs.github.io/gamedev-js-tiles/square/no-scroll.html)
```
